Add uninstall instructions to RUM auto instrumentation server-side (#28703)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/browser/setup/server/nginx.md

- **Content-Type mismatch**: RUM is injected only into HTML pages. If the `Content-Type` header does not correctly indicate `text/html`, the injection is skipped.
- **Upstream server has end-to-end encryption or content compression**: See [Limitations](#limitations).

## Uninstall

While automatic uninstallation will be available soon, you can manually remove the RUM Auto-Instrumentation by following these steps.

> 1. Locate the NGINX configuration file by running `nginx -T`. Example: `/etc/nginx/nginx.conf`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Locate the NGINX configuration file by running `nginx -T`. For example: `/etc/nginx/nginx.conf`.
```

> 2. Edit the file by removing the following line at the beginning `load_module /opt/datadog-nginx/ngx_http_datadog_module.so;`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. At the beginning of the file, remove the line: `load_module /opt/datadog-nginx/ngx_http_datadog_module.so;`.
```

3. Edit the file by removing all existing `datadog_*` sections from within the `http` directive. They will look similar to these, depending on your system configuration.

   ```
   datadog_agent_url http://datadog-agent:8126;
   datadog_tracing off;
   datadog_rum on;
   datadog_rum_config {
     # ... specific RUM configuration
   }
   ```

> 4. Delete the directory `/opt/datadog-nginx/` and all its contents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Delete the directory `/opt/datadog-nginx/` and all of its contents.
```

> 5. Finally, restart or reload NGINX.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Restart or reload your NGINX web server.
```
